# Bookmarks 
Bookmarks for JMJ, MJJ and Mock (for testing)

## URLs

```
  bookmarks/mjj 
  bookmarks/jmj
  bookmarks/mock
```

## Build / Deploy
  - Commands can be run from Visual Studio commad-line terminal. (Visual Studio => View => Terminal)
  
  - To watch, build and serve, use  `ng serve` from workspace.
  
  - To deploy/build use, `npm run build` and not `ng build`.  The NPM command runs postbuild script in addtion to build.  Post-build script copy index.html to 404.html which is required for deploying on github pages.
  If ` ng build ` is used to build then manually run `copy .\\docs\\index.html .\\docs\\404.html`.

  - After build, commit docs/ folder and push it to remote to have it published on Github page.


## Milestones
  - Jun'21: Migration is almost complete



<br/>
<br/>
<br/>
<hr />

# BELOW Is Generated By Angular Cli

# Bookmarks

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
